c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\obj\Debug\DependencyResolver.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\DependencyResolver.dll
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\DependencyResolver.pdb
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\BLL.Interface.dll
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\DAL.Interface.dll
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\ORM.dll
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\BLL.Interface.pdb
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\DAL.Interface.pdb
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\ORM.pdb
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\obj\Debug\DependencyResolver.dll
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\obj\Debug\DependencyResolver.pdb
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\DependencyResolver.dll.config
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\s4egol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KnowledgeTests\DependencyResolver\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
